I like our life as it is yeah I mean if
we wanted to take off to Paris tomorrow
we could we're gonna do we should plan
at least a month in advance a month is
still in the realm of spontaneity
beautiful class oh thanks I really loved
your film power elite
you've seen it let's see what the dogs
were on the garbage how did you stage
that those dogs were just there and I
said hey shoot those dogs beautiful why
do you suddenly wanna hang out with a
couple of 25 year olds we were just 25 I
mean we weren't but you know where the
boring couple with a baby what have you
guys been doing we met this interesting
couple he's a young documentarian and
she makes ice cream how old are they one
twenty-five twenty-six twenty-seven
they're children
yeah nine years ago they couldn't vote I
love his shoes I have some linked ups
here somewhere I stopped wearing when I
got shin splints what kind of class is
this again give up and cute guys the
whole speech something about being
around them that energizes you you have
arthritis in your knee arthritis
arthritis yes I usually just say it once
I remember when this song was just
considered bad but it's working
I'm gonna be totally honest myself I
don't think I'm ever gonna die I know
that's crazy it's crazy we've got this
ayahuasca ceremony this weekend with
Jamie and Darby with some ayahuasca
ceremony we drink this blood liquid and
you were hallucinating bombing up to
your demons okay well we're just having
a cookout and maybe playing charades
I wish you'd look at me the way you look
at Jamie and Darby when we first met you
would me with romantic emails wouldn't
make sense for me to send you email us
now we're in the same room all the time
you don't know how else to say this but
we're worried about you guys do you
think the genie came to my class because
he knew that I was married to you this
was all so he could meet your dad the
world isn't a conspiracy against you
it's all opposed
it's like he once saw sincere person
who's been imitating him ever since go
back inside for the first time in my
life I stopped thinking of myself as a
child imitating an adult you feel that
way too
who's that hoedown hip-hop
you